
+ By _summarize parts_ we mean write 250 to 500 words  on text:
    1. Starting with  a clear reference to the paper.
      + e.g. Tim Menzies, Burak Turhan, Ayse Bener, Gregory Gay, Bojan Cukic, and Yue Jiang. 2008.
	         Implications of ceiling effects in defect predictors. In Proceedings of the 4th international workshop on Predictor models in software engineering (PROMISE '08). 
    2. Write down the four most important keywords in the paper, plus a two line definition of each.
	   + Label them ii1, ii2, ii3, ii4 		 
    3. Offer very brief notes on any four  of the items listed  as 1 to 19 (below).
	   + Label them iii1, iii2, iii3, iii4
	    <table>
<tr><td>
1.Motivational statements   </td><td>reports or challenge statements or lists of open issues that prompt an analysis;</td></tr>
<tr><td>2.Hypotheses </td><td>Expected effects in some area;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>3.Checklists </td><td>Used to design the analysis (see also, the
<a href="http://atulgawande.com/book/the-checklist-manifesto/">Checklist Manifesto</a>
;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>4.Related Work </td><td> Comprehensive, annotated, and insightful (e.g. showing the development or open areas in a field);.</td></tr>
<tr><td>5.Study instruments </td><td>e.g. surveys interview scripts, etc;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>6.Statistical tests </td><td> Mathematical tools  to analyze results (along with some notes explaining why or when this test is necessary);.</td></tr>
<tr><td>7.Commentary  </td><td> About the  scripts used in the analysis;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>8.Informative visualizations  </td><td> e.g. Sparklines http://www.edwardtufte.com/bboard/q-and-a-fetch-msg?msgid=0001OR .</td></tr>
<tr><td>9.Baseline results  </td><td> Results against which new work can be compared;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>10.Sampling procedures </td><td> e.g. ``how did you choose the projects you studied?'';.</td></tr>
<tr><td>11.Patterns</td><td> describing  best practices for performing this kind of analysis; .</td></tr>
<tr><td>Anti-patterns  </td><td>  describing cautionary tales of ``gotchas'' to avoid when doing this kind of work;
<tr><td>12.Negative results  </td><td> Anti-patterns, backed up by empirical results;.</td></tr>
<tr><td>13.Tutorial materials  </td><td> Guides to help  newcomers become proficient in the area. Some of these tutorial materials  may be generated by the researcher and others may be collected from other sources..</td></tr>
<tr><td>14.New results   </td><td> Guidance on how to best handle future problems..</td></tr>
<tr><td>15.Future work:   </td><td> Based on the  results,  speculations about open issues of future issues that might become the  motivation  for the next round of research.
</td></tr></table>
    4. Write down three ways the paper could be improved.
	   + Label them iv1, iv2, iv3
	5. For Two,Three,Four, etc also comment on the connection to the other papers.
    + Do you know how long 500 words is? About a third the long as this page.
	+ You goal is being able to generate such a summary in thirty minutes:
	    + It is unlikely you will reach this goal  until _after_ you have read numerous papers.

+ To find the _highest cited papers_ that cite the week1 paper, look up your week1 paper in scholar.google.com (or dl.acm.org/ or
  ieeexplore.ieee.org) and count their citations.
